README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# shinyfocus

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![CRAN
status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/shinyfocus)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=shinyfocus)
[![Codecov test
coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/r4ds/shinyfocus/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/r4ds/shinyfocus?branch=main)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/r4ds/shinyfocus/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/r4ds/shinyfocus/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of shinyfocus is to make it easy to trigger server events in
{shiny} apps based on elements of the app gaining or losing focus in the
browser. This all assumes that some initial experiments prove that this
can be done (and is useful).

## Installation

You can install the development version of shinyfocus from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("r4ds/shinyfocus")
```

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the shinyfocus project is released with a [Contributor
Code of
Conduct](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html).
By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

Commit message:

Reference shinyjs.
There's something similar in shinyjs, but not quite the same.

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# shinyfocus

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![CRAN
status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/shinyfocus)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=shinyfocus)
[![Codecov test
coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/r4ds/shinyfocus/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/r4ds/shinyfocus?branch=main)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/r4ds/shinyfocus/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/r4ds/shinyfocus/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of shinyfocus is to make it easy to trigger server events in
{shiny} apps based on elements of the app gaining or losing focus in the
browser. This all assumes that some initial experiments prove that this
can be done (and is useful).

## Installation

You can install the development version of shinyfocus from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("r4ds/shinyfocus")
```

## Related Work

- {[shinyjs](https://deanattali.com/shinyjs/)} has a function,
  `onevent()`, that can be used for similar functionality. However, that
  implementation is different than what we do here.

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the shinyfocus project is released with a [Contributor
Code of
Conduct](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html).
By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.
